Add configuration options for using metadata of parent block [PARENT_VERSION] (#232)
paritytech/substrate-api-sidecar: README.md

    setting it to anything else. LOG_MODE defaults to only "errors".
-   `SAS_SUBSTRATE_WS_URL`: WebSocket URL to which the RPC proxy will attempt to connect to, defaults to
    `ws://127.0.0.1:9944`.
-   `SAS_SUBSTRATE_PARENT_VERSION`: always use the version of the parent block to set

>     metadata for scale decoding. `on` means always fetch and use the parent blocks metadata, while `off`
>     means _only_ fetch and use the parent blocks metadata for the blocks with hashes specified in
>     `config/setCodeBlocks.ts`. Fetching and using the parent blocks metadata will have a slight time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    metadata for scale decoding. `on` means always fetch and use the parent block's metadata, while `off`
    means _only_ fetch and use the parent blocks metadata for the blocks with hashes specified in
    `config/setCodeBlocks.ts`. Fetching and using the parent block's metadata will have a slight time
```

    penalty, but will guarantee that extrinsics within a block that executed a runtime upgrade with

>     `set_code` are always decoded correctly. Defaults to `off`. Note: for chains that use the
>     `scheduler` pallet to do runtime upgrades, it is very unlikely this will be an issue as
>     `scheduler` ensures that `set_code` is executed in `on_initialize` and it is highly unlikely
>     there would be any additional room in a block for other extrinsics, but please use this info with
>     discretion.

Reviewer 2: Might try to make this a bit more helpful/clear by updating to something like...

```suggestion
    `set_code` are always decoded correctly. Defaults to `off`. We recommend that chains that
    use scheduled upgrades use the default behavior, however, please consider your use case
    when making a final decision.
```
